hey guys step out here from MLG Pro tips
here to count down your top five place
for episode 1 in the clutch we're
kicking things off from our clothes on
fire pit flag keep an eye on the score
it's tied 2-2 nice last one position
stop the enemy team can handle a strike
drops propionate the wipeout edna
shields QPR shots and to be done picked
overkill extermination that's what i
call clutch moving right along number 4
we got black onslaught black rose dubs
dr smackdown scout sniper and black well
he's got ass black he's going on no
shields but it doesn't matter too
perfect fly blitz just pick up the
triple kill and the third block out the
game let's watch on one more time and
number three we have I got VRS showing
off his perfect brunette gills fixing
double kill I'll be off for the triple
looking for the overkill why not there's
the extermination he's not done yet
though he's picking up the rockies bond
putting them to good
triple kill looking for the overkill it
isn't going to happen but you know what
have a long-range rocket to pick the BB
no that's not back-to-back kills to win
the game first day number two slide
through this episode we have candies
candies team double team slayer pics
with the double kill looking over to
someone picks the triple kill and you
know what why not termination two
doubles my number two slot this episode
number one we got vital showing off some
of the best no smoking I've ever seen
that's right a 180 rhinos go to pick up
the no scope on the guy has three well
thanks for watching the first steps up
in the clutch check out the video
description box see you guys combined
how to submit clips a future episode
please don't upload this video without
permission from sim thank you guys for
watching